docs/examples.rst, before:

Use Cases for django-facebook-graph
===================================


Facebook Connect with Django
----------------------------

You can automatically login a user that has already been authenticated. Add
this to your ``login.html`` template::

    {% block extra-js %}
    {% if not request.user.is_authenticated %}
    <script type="text/javascript">
    FQ.add(function(){
        if(fb.status == 'connected') {
            window.location = '{% url fb_connect %}?next={% url myview %}';
        }
    });
    </script>
    {% endif %}
    {% endblock %}


For views that require a logged in user you could either check the status on
the server with ``graph.me``, or better, on the client side with the following
piece of code::

    {% if request.user.is_authenticated %}
    FQ.add(function(){
        if (fb.status == 'not_authorized') {
            window.location = '{% url fb_logout %}';
        }
    });
    {% endif %}

The advantage of checking the status in the browser is that the response time
is usually shorter.


App Tabs and Facebook login
---------------------------

It is not easy to do a deeplink into an app tab. Facebook doesn't really support it.
The only workaround is using the `Redirect2AppDataMiddleware` and calling facebook/redirect
with the url urlencoded as app_data parameter.

That's how it looks::

    'REDIRECT-URL': 'http://apps.facebook.com/<MY_APP_NAMESPACE>/facebook/redirect/?next=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2F<FB_PAGE>%3Fsk%3Dapp_<APP_ID>%26app_data%3D%2<DEEPLINK_URL>%2F',
    
Make sure you have the `canvas url` parameters in the developer app set to the root
or wherever facebook should fetch the redirect from.


Login while keeping the App requests
------------------------------------

On some browsers you have to make sure that all protocols match. I.e. if your iframe is loaded 
via https you cannot redirect to a http url. The problem here is that if Facebook itself is on a 
http url the redirect will be to the http url as well.
::
    <fb:login-button scope="email" onlogin="login_redirect();"></fb:login-button>
    
    function login_redirect(){
        window.location = ('https:' == location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://')+'yourdomain.com{% url join_team %}{% if request.GET.request_ids %}?request_ids={{ request.GET.request_ids }}{% endif %}';
    }


Fetch a user's newsfeed
-----------------------

This one is tricky due to Facebook's new privacy policy.
You could might want to use::

    graph.request('me/feed')

Unfortunately this returns only your own posts as well as friend's posts that have
been marked as public. Posts from friends that have been marked as 'Friends only' won't show up.

Your only option is to query the mighty `stream`table using the follwoin FQL statement::

    since = datetime.datetime.now()-datetime.timedelta(days=10)
    limit = 100
    since = int(totimestamp(since))
    query = "SELECT post_id, actor_id, message, updated_time, created_time, app_data, \
             action_links, attachment, comments, likes, permalink FROM stream \
             WHERE source_id IN (SELECT uid2 FROM friend WHERE uid1 = me()) \
             AND created_time > %i AND filter_key in \
             (SELECT filter_key FROM stream_filter WHERE uid=me() AND type='newsfeed') \
             LIMIT %i" % (since, limit)
    return fb.get_FQL(query, access_token = graph.access_token)

This example returns a maximum of 100 posts which are not older than 10 days.
Keep in mind that most fql attributes differ from the graph attributes.

Commit message:

remove unfinished fql converters, updated docs

docs/examples.rst, after:

Use Cases for django-facebook-graph
===================================


Facebook Connect with Django
----------------------------

You can automatically login a user that has already been authenticated. Add
this to your ``login.html`` template::

    {% block extra-js %}
    {% if not request.user.is_authenticated %}
    <script type="text/javascript">
    FQ.add(function(){
        if(fb.status == 'connected') {
            window.location = '{% url fb_connect %}?next={% url myview %}';
        }
    });
    </script>
    {% endif %}
    {% endblock %}


For views that require a logged in user you could either check the status on
the server with ``graph.me``, or better, on the client side with the following
piece of code::

    {% if request.user.is_authenticated %}
    FQ.add(function(){
        if (fb.status == 'not_authorized') {
            window.location = '{% url fb_logout %}';
        }
    });
    {% endif %}

The advantage of checking the status in the browser is that the response time
is usually shorter.


App Tabs and Facebook login
---------------------------

It is not easy to do a deeplink into an app tab. Facebook doesn't really support it.
The only workaround is using the `Redirect2AppDataMiddleware` and calling facebook/redirect
with the url urlencoded as app_data parameter.

That's how it looks::

    'REDIRECT-URL': 'http://apps.facebook.com/<MY_APP_NAMESPACE>/facebook/redirect/?next=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2F<FB_PAGE>%3Fsk%3Dapp_<APP_ID>%26app_data%3D%2<DEEPLINK_URL>%2F',
    
Make sure you have the `canvas url` parameters in the developer app set to the root
or wherever facebook should fetch the redirect from.


Login while keeping the App requests
------------------------------------

On some browsers you have to make sure that all protocols match. I.e. if your iframe is loaded 
via https you cannot redirect to a http url. The problem here is that if Facebook itself is on a 
http url the redirect will be to the http url as well.
::
    <fb:login-button scope="email" onlogin="login_redirect();"></fb:login-button>
    
    function login_redirect(){
        window.location = ('https:' == location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://')+'yourdomain.com{% url join_team %}{% if request.GET.request_ids %}?request_ids={{ request.GET.request_ids }}{% endif %}';
    }


Fetch a user's newsfeed
-----------------------

This one is tricky due to Facebook's new privacy policy.
You could might want to use::

    graph.request('me/feed')

Unfortunately this returns only your own posts as well as friend's posts that have
been marked as public. Posts from friends that have been marked as 'Friends only' won't show up.
But you can use::

    graph.request('me/home')

This returns the last 25 posts from the user's wall. Unfortunately this does not really work
with test users.
